    London is a famous and historic city. It is the capital of England in the United Kingdom. The city is quite popular for
international tourism because London is home to one of the oldest-standing monarchies in the western hemisphere. Rita
and Joanne recently traveled to London. They were very excited for their trip because this was their first journey
overseas from the United States.

    Among the popular sights that Rita and Joanne visited are Big Ben, Buckingham Palace, and the London Eye. Big Ben is
one of London’s most famous monuments. It is a large clock tower located at the northern end of Westminster Palace.
The clock tower is 96 meters tall. Unfortunately, Rita and Joanne were only able to view the tower from the outside.
The women learned that the tower’s interior is undergoing renovations until 2021.

    Fortunately, the London Eye, the city’s famous Ferris wheel, was open to the public. The London Eye is situated along
the southern shores of the Thames River. This attraction stands 135 meters high. It is one of London’s most well-known
spots for gaining aerial views of the city. Each capsule of the Ferris wheel can hold up to 25 passengers. When their
capsule stopped at the top of the Ferris wheel, the women took spectacular panoramic photographs of the beautiful
cityscape below.

    The last place that Rita and Joanne visited was Buckingham Palace, the home of the Queen of England.
The women were impressed by the palace’s incredible architecture and historical value. Both Rita and Joanne enjoyed
watching the Queen’s guards outside the palace. These guards wore red tunic uniforms, shiny black boots, and bearskin
hats. Despite the women’s attempts to catch the attention of the guards, the guards are specifically trained to
avoid distractions. Because of this, the guards ignored the women completely.

    Joanne and Rita had an amazing time visiting the city of London, and they are inspired to seek more international
travel destinations in the future.

    nqpfqp ku c hcoqwu cpf jkuvqtke ekva. kv ku vjg ecrkvcn qh gpincpf kp vjg wpkvgf mkpifqo. vjg ekva ku swkvg rqrwnct hqt
kpvgtpcvkqpcn vqwtkuo dgecwug nqpfqp ku jqog vq qpg qh vjg qnfguv-uvcpfkpi oqpctejkgu kp vjg yguvgtp jgokurjgtg. tkvc
cpf lqcppg tgegpvna vtcxgngf vq nqpfqp. vjga ygtg xgta gzekvgf hqt vjgkt vtkr dgecwug vjku ycu vjgkt hktuv lqwtpga
qxgtugcu htqo vjg wpkvgf uvcvgu.

    coqpi vjg rqrwnct ukijvu vjcv tkvc cpf lqcppg xkukvgf ctg dki dgp, dwemkpijco rcnceg, cpf vjg nqpfqp gag. dki dgp ku
qpg qh nqpfqp␙u oquv hcoqwu oqpwogpvu. kv ku c nctig enqem vqygt nqecvgf cv vjg pqtvjgtp gpf qh yguvokpuvgt rcnceg.
vjg enqem vqygt ku 96 ogvgtu vcnn. wphqtvwpcvgna, tkvc cpf lqcppg ygtg qpna cdng vq xkgy vjg vqygt htqo vjg qwvukfg.
vjg yqogp ngctpgf vjcv vjg vqygt␙u kpvgtkqt ku wpfgtiqkpi tgpqxcvkqpu wpvkn 2021.

    hqtvwpcvgna, vjg nqpfqp gag, vjg ekva␙u hcoqwu hgttku yjggn, ycu qrgp vq vjg rwdnke. vjg nqpfqp gag ku ukvwcvgf cnqpi
vjg uqwvjgtp ujqtgu qh vjg vjcogu tkxgt. vjku cvvtcevkqp uvcpfu 135 ogvgtu jkij. kv ku qpg qh nqpfqp␙u oquv ygnn-mpqyp
urqvu hqt ickpkpi cgtkcn xkgyu qh vjg ekva. gcej ecruwng qh vjg hgttku yjggn ecp jqnf wr vq 25 rcuugpigtu. yjgp vjgkt
ecruwng uvqrrgf cv vjg vqr qh vjg hgttku yjggn, vjg yqogp vqqm urgevcewnct rcpqtcoke rjqvqitcrju qh vjg dgcwvkhwn
ekvauecrg dgnqy.

    vjg ncuv rnceg vjcv tkvc cpf lqcppg xkukvgf ycu dwemkpijco rcnceg, vjg jqog qh vjg swggp qh gpincpf.
vjg yqogp ygtg kortguugf da vjg rcnceg␙u kpetgfkdng ctejkvgevwtg cpf jkuvqtkecn xcnwg. dqvj tkvc cpf lqcppg gplqagf
ycvejkpi vjg swggp␙u iwctfu qwvukfg vjg rcnceg. vjgug iwctfu yqtg tgf vwpke wpkhqtou, ujkpa dncem dqqvu, cpf dgctumkp
jcvu. fgurkvg vjg yqogp␙u cvvgorvu vq ecvej vjg cvvgpvkqp qh vjg iwctfu, vjg iwctfu ctg urgekhkecnna vtckpgf vq
cxqkf fkuvtcevkqpu. dgecwug qh vjku, vjg iwctfu kipqtgf vjg yqogp eqorngvgna.

    lqcppg cpf tkvc jcf cp cocbkpi vkog xkukvkpi vjg ekva qh nqpfqp, cpf vjga ctg kpurktgf vq uggm oqtg kpvgtpcvkqpcn
vtcxgn fguvkpcvkqpu kp vjg hwvwtg.